welcome to ICICI Prudential video guide
you are watching a video on how to
download premium paid certificate for
your ICICI Prudential life insurance
policies visit ICICI brew live.com click
on download statements scroll down to
premium paid certificate tab on old
services page click on download now
enter your policy number and date of
birth click on proceed enter the OTP
sent to your registered mobile number
and email ID and click on submit click
on download and email your premium paid
certificate will be downloaded and sent
to the registered email id you can also
download other statements from here you
can also log into your ICICI Prudential
online account to download your premium
paid certificate and do many more things
thank you
[Music]